feat: support different decimals value between chains (#106)
sygmaprotocol/sygma-solidity: README.md

## Deployments

To deploy contracts run `truffle migrate --network NETWORK_NAME --file <path_to_env_config>`.

> To deploy new handlers for tokens an register on bridge contract provide: `--redeploy-token-handlers` flag.

Reviewer: Syntactically this seems wrong.

```suggestion
To deploy new handlers for tokens and register them on bridge contract provide: `--redeploy-token-handlers` flag.
```
